README.md, before:

<!--
 * @Author        : fineemb
 * @Github        : https://github.com/fineemb
 * @Description   : 
 * @Date          : 2020-02-03 12:52:45
 * @LastEditors   : fineemb
 * @LastEditTime  : 2020-05-31 11:11:26
 -->

# Lovelace Thermostat Card

[![hacs_badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/HACS-Default-orange.svg)](https://github.com/custom-components/hacs)

A simple thermostat implemented in CSS and SVG based on <a href="https://codepen.io/dalhundal/pen/KpabZB/">Thermostat Control</a> by Dal Hundal
 (<a href="https://codepen.io/dalhundal">@dalhundal</a>) on <a href="https://codepen.io">CodePen</a>

+  Supports [HACS](https://github.com/custom-components/hacs) installation
+  Extra ambient temperature
+  Allow changing of Opration mode
+  Allow avoid the card background

## Preview
![](https://bbs.hassbian.com/data/attachment/forum/202003/14/172544q3ajp7742cbo757h.gif)

## Update
### v1.3.0
+ fix icon
+ Fix the problem that the title blocks the arrow button [#16](https://github.com/fineemb/lovelace-thermostat-card/issues/16#issue-622934186)
+ Remove the small_i parameter and have done adaptive scaling
## HACS Installation
Search for Thermostat Card
## Manual Installation
1. Download `main.js` `thermostat_card.lib.js` `styles.js`
1. Copy to `www\community\lovelace-thermostat-card`
1. Add the following to your Lovelace resources
    ``` yaml
    resources:
      - url: /hacsfiles/lovelace-thermostat-card/main.js
        type: module
    ```
1. Add the following to your Lovelace config `views.cards` key
    ```yaml
    - type: custom:thermostat-card
      entity: climate.gong_zuo_jian_kong_diao
      title: 工作间
    ```
    Replace `climate.gong_zuo_jian_kong_diao` with your climate's entity_id and `工作间` with any name you'd like to name your climate with

## Options

| Name | Type | Default | Description
| ---- | ---- | ------- | -----------
| type | string | **Required** | `custom:thermostat-card`
| entity | string | **Required** | The entity id of climate entity. Example: `climate.hvac`
| title | string | optional | Card title
| no_card | boolean | false | Set to true to avoid the card background and use the custom element in picture-elements.
| step | number | 0.5 | The step to use when increasing or decreasing temperature
| highlight_tap | boolean | false | Show the tap area highlight when changing temperature settings
| chevron_size | number | 50 | Size of chevrons for temperature adjutment
| pending | number | 3 | Seconds to wait in control mode until state changes are sent back to the server
| idle_zone | number | 2 | Degrees of minimum difference between set points when thermostat supports both heating and cooling
| ambient_temperature | string | optional | An entity id of a sensor to use as `ambient_temperature` instead of the one provided by the thermostat

## Credits
<a href="https://codepen.io/dalhundal">@dalhundal</a>

Commit message:

Add offline sandbox for thermostat card

README.md, after:

<!--
 * @Author        : fineemb
 * @Github        : https://github.com/fineemb
 * @Description   : 
 * @Date          : 2020-02-03 12:52:45
 * @LastEditors   : fineemb
 * @LastEditTime  : 2020-05-31 11:11:26
 -->

# Lovelace Thermostat Card

[![hacs_badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/HACS-Default-orange.svg)](https://github.com/custom-components/hacs)

A simple thermostat implemented in CSS and SVG based on <a href="https://codepen.io/dalhundal/pen/KpabZB/">Thermostat Control</a> by Dal Hundal
 (<a href="https://codepen.io/dalhundal">@dalhundal</a>) on <a href="https://codepen.io">CodePen</a>

+  Supports [HACS](https://github.com/custom-components/hacs) installation
+  Extra ambient temperature
+  Allow changing of Opration mode
+  Allow avoid the card background

## Preview
![](https://bbs.hassbian.com/data/attachment/forum/202003/14/172544q3ajp7742cbo757h.gif)

## Offline sandbox

An offline test harness is available in [`sandbox/index.html`](./sandbox/index.html). Download or
clone this repository and open that file directly in any modern browser to experiment with the
thermostat card without Home Assistant.

The sandbox provides:

- A mocked Home Assistant API with adjustable entity attributes
- Service-call logging so you can see what the card is sending back to Home Assistant
- Real-time controls for HVAC mode, target temperatures, presets, and more

Every change you make in the control panel is reflected immediately on the card so you can validate
its behaviour visually.

## Update
### v1.3.0
+ fix icon
+ Fix the problem that the title blocks the arrow button [#16](https://github.com/fineemb/lovelace-thermostat-card/issues/16#issue-622934186)
+ Remove the small_i parameter and have done adaptive scaling
## HACS Installation
Search for Thermostat Card
## Manual Installation
1. Download `main.js` `thermostat_card.lib.js` `styles.js`
1. Copy to `www\community\lovelace-thermostat-card`
1. Add the following to your Lovelace resources
    ``` yaml
    resources:
      - url: /hacsfiles/lovelace-thermostat-card/main.js
        type: module
    ```
1. Add the following to your Lovelace config `views.cards` key
    ```yaml
    - type: custom:thermostat-card
      entity: climate.gong_zuo_jian_kong_diao
      title: 工作间
    ```
    Replace `climate.gong_zuo_jian_kong_diao` with your climate's entity_id and `工作间` with any name you'd like to name your climate with

## Options

| Name | Type | Default | Description
| ---- | ---- | ------- | -----------
| type | string | **Required** | `custom:thermostat-card`
| entity | string | **Required** | The entity id of climate entity. Example: `climate.hvac`
| title | string | optional | Card title
| no_card | boolean | false | Set to true to avoid the card background and use the custom element in picture-elements.
| step | number | 0.5 | The step to use when increasing or decreasing temperature
| highlight_tap | boolean | false | Show the tap area highlight when changing temperature settings
| chevron_size | number | 50 | Size of chevrons for temperature adjutment
| pending | number | 3 | Seconds to wait in control mode until state changes are sent back to the server
| idle_zone | number | 2 | Degrees of minimum difference between set points when thermostat supports both heating and cooling
| ambient_temperature | string | optional | An entity id of a sensor to use as `ambient_temperature` instead of the one provided by the thermostat

## Credits
<a href="https://codepen.io/dalhundal">@dalhundal</a>
